hey what's up guys it is a brand new day
today and I'm out here with my little
ugly brother Hamza I was doing it I like
the shirt looks pretty fresh so today I
see what's up man heads up Ensor it's
pretty pop man myself you think it'll
slow finance because he's fast huh be
Marcus little worse be my center in my
life hey hey so when those guys the pet
store the shoe wear that tiny-ass lizard
you gonna find a turtle food though good
so that's cool man the names right there
the first section or if that's even a
crab or a lobster it is due to some
bigger size when you shoot looks like me
I swear
like fish that's the ghetto fish at all
vets say away
especially Wolcott at pictures
these are like a spider monkey frog yeah
it does and there's a what's that and
they do the whiskers in this
Speedy's cousin over there what up speed
is cuz it species cousins with big eyes
it's namin doesn't it oh gosh that's
embed its dad it's my mini challenge
yeah how's it go star you hunk you come
on side come on Zack he's a punk
but in your breath oh yeah we have the
pencil right now our challenge and I
walk into the dog section I must like
our little dogs Oh ugly dog that sounds
a little milkshake what do you say for
me getting you this view miss stuffs I'm
gonna say that you spoiled a little
white boy yo you spoiled son you spoiled
it was a thank you I'm hanging my shoes
what turtle food you don't like a total
oh oh wow that is sick oh that's that's
a girl mu see what this movie it this is
better
that's the milk series Lauri oh I know
I was so saying mine's better than yours
Oh as the boy that's the real thing oh
yeah I don't know if you guys member
meet on Twitter that I met my old high
school for me and I bumped into her
again
say what's up GG yo guys this girl has a
huge impact on my life girl you
understand
she changing to a better person than I
was of the house was going down the
wrong path with bad friends but she
changed me to meet you the best nice
memories I mean I will enter pestle
together and everything and I'll see
everything felt like the old days oh you
know and it will ever be challenged soon
you're gonna see a lot more often I
guess so yeah I expect more GG oh so
stupid like a day man we went to the pet
store mumble it's my old won't be GG and
it was pretty chill man the whole day
was chill now
and justice videogames and I mean Obama
hands upon them perhaps a little game so
speedy was good man are you doing cuz
what run so funny okay
he's moving back
oh my god it's hard to lightly man look
up in the face scratch
let's head lame you let me speed you
naughty speedy you all right y'all
extended as long I hope you enjoy
today's long you guys gonna give it a
big thumbs up you know what I'm saying
yes it was cool day mater but to old
friend you and show thou my hands and
I'll be in to the pet store and stuff it
was cool man whose official anyway
Hawaii has no since the other vlog I'm
gonna give number the log in Makeba
chillin and we always had the log oh it
was close to 2k thumbs up but you know
what screw it you know if it's as close
as you guys did try on devious $2,000
we're gonna head out to that haunted
house soon probably this week or next
week I know yeah
go ahead they're serious and half the
household sit with that and yet as well
but today see that's wrong with another
daily slimming vlog and some kitchen is
out slim efficacious
the door